I am going to destroy Bowser's Castle
because he reported me to the
principal's office the other day
now I am going to destroy this stupid
castle
haha
debtless I can't believe you destroyed
Bowser's Castle he called me and said he
saw you destroying his castle you know
you can't do that you are so so so so so
so so so so grounded grounded grounded
grounded grounded grounded grounded
grounded you're grounded for nein nein
nein nein nein nein nein nein nein nein
nein ate ate ate ate ate ate ate ate ate
ate ate ate ate age age age age age age
seven seven seven seven seven seven
seven seven seven seven seven seven six
six six six six six six six six six six
six six six six six five five five five
five five five five five five five five
five four four four four four four four
four four four four four 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3
3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 4 4 4 4
4 4 4 4 4 4 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3
3 3 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 0
0 0 0 0 0 year's debtless as your
primary punishment you will be arrested
by the police and sent to jail but first
your other punishments there will be no
fun of any sort you will watch a lot of
baby TV shows and all of your internet
accounts will be deleted now I am going
to call the police to arrest you
duplet you are under arrest for
destroying Bowser's Castle you are going
to jail for a long long long long long
long long long long long long long long
long long long long long time get in the
police car now are you jail time and
fight will be doubled
you